Horizon 1.9.1 CHANGELOG (#3097)
stellar/go: services/horizon/CHANGELOG.md

* Dropped support for Go 1.13.

## v1.9.1

> * Fixed a bug making it unable to sync with testnet (Protocol 14) correctly. ([#3096](https://github.com/stellar/go/pull/3096))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug that caused a fresh instance of Horizon to be unable to sync with testnet (Protocol 14) correctly. ([#3096](https://github.com/stellar/go/pull/3096))
```
